[Music]
hi hello welcome back to another video I
hope you doing really good and you are
safe and healthy at the moment in
today's video I'm going to be taking you
through a whole week of home workouts no
equipment needed all you need is your
body weight and a little bit of space if
you follow me over at Instagram you're
seeing I mentioned last week I wanted to
do a free week home guide as I know it's
a really tough time for it's all in many
different ways I think one thing to help
keep us sane is to keep your body moving
and that codes hand-in-hand with your
mental health for absolute sure I really
wanted to prioritize making it as
accessible as possible for everyone so
I'm not using any equipment like she's
just your body away and I'm kind of
doing like a circuit format now this is
really good for increasing like your car
your rescue their health and also you
know maintaining muscle can't grow a
massive muscle using your body weight
you do need some right higher form of
resistance if you've got enough weight
so home you could progressive overload
with those but this one I just wanted to
completely focus on being a home workout
guide I have managed to get my hands on
a few weights but I know and understand
that a lot of it's out of stock at the
minute so yeah that is that cover so I'm
going to take you through my five-day
split with home workouts and I have sort
of separated today I'm going to leave a
link down below to the guide itself and
I'm also going to explain my each move
through this and so this kind of like
circuit training is really good for like
explosive movement
and high-intensity so really gets your
heart where it going to get the best
results from any home workout you really
need to put some time and effort in and
you know make sure your form is correct
and that way you can help to build
yourself like a leaner physique on a
whole and of course that needs to be
backed with your nutrition side of
things if your goal is to lower your
body fat slightly then you need to be in
a slight power deficit nothing and crazy
drastic but before we get straight into
it if you could hit the studio with a
like and subscribe to my channel and we
will go ahead of course and starting the
week off with a glute and booty circuit
and we're going in order lateral steps
so for this you just want to be slightly
higher than a squat keep your knees
facing outward and you're just going it
side to side
remember to keep a tight core
so the next exercise is a glute bridge
each must make sure your knees are bent
and the feet art plays flat on the
ground and it just will lift your hips
up to the maximum level and make sure
you can feel squeeze and contraction at
the top of each movement
[Music]
next exercise is a sumo squat course
here you want to make sure you've got a
wide stance with your toes pointing out
to the sides and you're lowering
yourself by bending your knees as far as
you can go and just pulsing twice and
returning it to the starting position
pushing straight through heels and it's
the forward jump shuffle back this is an
absolute killer I must admit so you want
to start with your feet shoulder-width
apart and keep your hips low extend your
arms back and just create some momentum
and jump forward and then just shuffle
straight back to then next up is jumping
lunges so you just want your knees at 90
degrees and jump up and switch and your
legs in mid-air just make sure you keep
your chest up and don't stay on the ball
of your front foot and next we've got
the Frog pump so here you're just
squeezing your bum as hard as you can
lifting your hips straight up so it
forms a straight line and then just
lowering your bum back down to the floor
just really make sure you're squeezing
those glutes
moving on to day 2 which is an intense
full-body circuit and we were starting
with burpees so you just want to stand
with your feet shoulder-width apart bend
at your hips and knees and just place
your hands on the floor keep your feet
back and just drop down and then price
back up and jump upwards
moving on to the squat to crisscross
Prince so here you just want to make
sure your core muscles are engaged open
with your elbows and just keep your neck
relaxed and your back straight then it's
shoulder taps
so you're just alternating through the
sides and make sure your core is tight
engage your glutes and keep your head
spine and neck on the line and just
remember to breathe out as you touch
your shoulder with your hand and
maintain your back flat and hips level
with the floor then it's a pulsing squat
jump so keep your chest book and your
hips back don't let your knees extend
over your toes and turn to inhale she's
got and breathe out as you do it
though the next exercise is a plank and
here you're in a push-up position with
your elbows underneath the shoulders and
the feet hip-width ha when I wasn't just
rest your weight on the forearms other
than your toes keeping your body in a
straight line and your hips down
the next one is a straight leg raise
so treat your abs engaged all times and
your back and head pressed against the
floor and then just like lift up and if
you feel any discomfort in your lower
back just reduce the range of motion by
loading your legs over halfway and just
make sure your feet don't touch the
ground so the next one is day free and
it can add the both lift full body strip
and we're starting off always some high
knees so here it just open up your chest
add some support to your lower back by
keeping that core tight and just landing
on the balls of your feet moving into
bicycle crunches so here breathe out as
you crunch keep your shoulder blades off
the mat and just make sure your cores
really engaged here then it's mountain
climbers so keep your toes and balls of
the feet touching the floor and just to
bring one knee up towards the center
with stomach and then quickly all tape
alternately between legs so it's like a
plank position make sure your hips are
low your body's in a straight line then
or moving into scissor kicks so here
avoid arching your back keep your low
back supposed to be at the floor and
just lift your legs and alternate
crossing with meat over at the top
next up is the up-down plank so again
make sure your glutes are engaged
tighten your core and keep your head
neck and spine aligned and just breathe
in as you bend your arms inside shuttle
if I'll go on the mat the next exercise
is single arm crunches you might be able
to get your legs straighten and lineart
just depends up on your flexibility and
here make sure you're sort of moving
with you caught before your arms so day
four is a full-body burner a really
intense circuit and we're starting with
jumping lunges and the next move is the
side to side squats so breathing is just
for Tanuja outer heel to push yourself
open to the side squat and then repeat
the movement on the other side
and then we're going into growth because
this one is intense let me tell you but
just keep pushing and keep going with
Tyler then the next one is Emil
impressive so here you want to have your
hands below your shoulders ' keep that
back straight and start bending your
elbows into a chest almost touching the
floor moving on to the on to nation side
lunges so here you just want to maintain
your balance give you back support what
you think your core tight step at the
side with your right leg and keep your
left leg straight and then just
alternate between the two and just use
your right heel to push you back into
the starting position and move back out
then we're doing a surrender so make
sure your knees objectively like a yoga
mat or a ruger search and keep a steady
pace and just remember to keep your back
straight and arms extended throughout
each one and just go of Keylong and it
is day five upper body and a full grown
circuit so we're starting with kneeling
press ups
then it's mountain climbers keep your
hips low gain and Jeffrey slowly and
keep it all stubborn controllers going
into shoulder taps so breathe out as you
touch your shoulder your hand and keep
back your back flat and the hips level
with law
so the next exercise is for cats so
you're shifting your weight onto your
hands and just walking and fold until
your body is in a straight line from
your head to your heels
so make sure your core is really tight
and your hands go underneath your
shoulder at the end and just come up
onto your toes then we're just moving
into a rolling plank so here you want to
make sure your hips aren't dropping and
you're just on your toes so the last one
is a plank leg lift and here you just
want to make sure you're not watching
your back keeping your hips level and
lift each leg alternates means this is
an absolute killer and make sure your
core is tight and glutes engaged anyway
guys I really hope you enjoyed this
video I'm going to leave a link to the
free guide down below please make sure
that you are subscribed and liked this
video let me know over on Instagram like
how you found each workout and tag me if
you do any of these and I'll see you
guys in the next video